web: Make `sass` dependency optional peer dependency (#1286)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/README.md

### Advanced Implementation in Product with Sass

> ❗ **Important:** Make sure you have `sass` dependency installed in your project (`sass` is mark as an optional peer dependency since you can use the styles directly from CDN).

Reviewer: Yes, and we even distribute the CSS:

```suggestion
❗ **Important:** Make sure you have `sass` dependency installed in your project (`sass` is marked as optional peer dependency since you can use the pre-built distribution CSS).
```
